Business Company Background The Company designs, manufactures and markets smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables and accessories, and sells a variety of related services.
Products iPhone iPhone is the Company's line of smartphones based on its iOS operating system.
The iPhone line includes iPhone 17 Pro, iPhone Air, iPhone 17, iPhone 16 and iPhone 16e.
Mac Mac is the Company's line of personal computers based on its macOS operating system.
The Mac line includes laptops MacBook Air and MacBook Pro , as well as desktops iMac , Mac mini , Mac Studio and Mac Pro . iPad iPad is the Company's line of multipurpose tablets based on its iPadOS operating system.
The iPad line includes iPad Pro , iPad Air , iPad and iPad mini .
Cloud Services The Company's cloud services store and keep customers' content up-to-date and available across multiple Apple devices and Windows personal computers.
Payment Services The Company offers payment services, including Apple Card , a co-branded credit card, and Apple Pay , a cashless payment service.
The Company sells its services in the same markets through its various service platforms.
The Company also employs a variety of indirect distribution channels, such as third-party cellular network carriers and other resellers, for the sale of its products and certain of its services.
During 2025, the Company's net sales through its direct and indirect distribution channels accounted for 40% and 60%, respectively, of total net sales.
The markets in which the Company competes are further defined by frequent introduction of new products and services, short product life cycles, evolving industry standards, and rapid adoption of technological advancements by competitors.
The Company designs and develops nearly the entire solution for its products, including the hardware, operating system, numerous software applications and related services.
The Company is focused on expanding its market opportunities related to smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables and accessories, and services.
The Company's products and services face substantial competition from companies that have significant technical, marketing, distribution and other resources, as well as established hardware, software, and service offerings with large customer bases.
Certain competitors have the resources, experience or cost structures to provide products and services at little or no profit or even at a loss.
Supply of Components Although most components essential to the Company's business are generally available from multiple sources, certain components are currently obtained from single or limited sources.
Intellectual Property The Company currently holds a broad collection of intellectual property rights relating to certain aspects of its hardware, software and services.
No single intellectual property right is solely responsible for protecting the Company's products and services.
The Company believes the duration of its intellectual property rights is adequate relative to the expected lives of its products and services.
It may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of the Company's products, processes and services.
Business Seasonality and Product Introductions The Company has historically experienced higher net sales in its first quarter compared to other quarters in its fiscal year due in part to seasonal holiday demand.
Additionally, new product and service introductions can significantly impact net sales, cost of sales and operating expenses.
Net sales can also be affected when consumers and distributors anticipate a product introduction.
The Company believes that compensation should be competitive and equitable, and offers discretionary cash and equity awards to enable employees to share in the Company's success.
Risk Factors The following summarizes factors that could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.
The Company may not be able to accurately predict, control or mitigate these risks.
The risks and uncertainties described below are not exhaustive and should not be considered a complete statement of all potential risks or uncertainties that the Company faces or may face in the future.
The Company has international operations with sales outside the U.S. representing a majority of the Company's total net sales.
In addition, the Company's global supply chain is large and complex and a majority of the Company's supplier facilities, including manufacturing and assembly sites, are located outside the U.S.
The Company has a large, global business with sales outside the U.S. representing a majority of the Company's total net sales, and the Company believes that it generally benefits from growth in international trade.
Restrictions on international trade, such as tariffs and other controls on imports or exports of goods, technology or data, can materially adversely affect the Company's business and supply chain.
The impact can be particularly significant if these restrictive measures apply to countries and regions where the Company derives a significant portion of its revenues and/or has significant supply chain operations.
Changing the Company's business and supply chain in accordance with new or changed restrictions on international trade can be expensive, time-consuming and disruptive to the Company's business and results of operations.
Global supply chains can be highly concentrated, and an escalation of geopolitical tensions or conflict could result in significant disruptions.
The Company's operations are also subject to the risks of industrial accidents at its suppliers and contract manufacturers.
Because the Company relies on single or limited sources for the supply and manufacture of many critical components, a business interruption affecting such sources would exacerbate any negative consequences to the Company.
Global markets for the Company's products and services are highly competitive and subject to rapid technological change, and the Company may be unable to compete effectively in these markets.
The Company's products and services are offered in highly competitive global markets.
These markets are further defined by frequent introduction of new products and services, short product life cycles, evolving industry standards, and rapid adoption of technological advancements.
The Company's ability to compete successfully depends heavily on ensuring the continuing and timely introduction of innovative new products, services and technologies to the marketplace.
The Company designs and develops nearly the entire solution for its products, including the hardware, operating system, numerous software applications and related services.
These investments may not achieve expected returns, and the Company may not be able to develop and market new products and services successfully.
The Company's products and services face substantial competition from companies that have significant technical, marketing, distribution and other resources, as well as established hardware, software and service offerings.
Certain competitors have the resources, experience or cost structures to provide products and services at little or no profit or even at a loss.
New products, services and technologies may replace or supersede existing offerings and may produce lower revenues and lower profit margins.
The Company may not be able to successfully manage future introductions and transitions of products and services, which can materially adversely affect the Company's business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.
The Company depends on component and product manufacturing and logistical services provided by outsourcing partners, many of which are located outside of the U.S.
The Company relies on single-source partners in the U.S., Asia and Europe to supply and manufacture many components, and on partners primarily located in Asia, for final assembly of substantially all of the Company's hardware products.
Such diminished control has from time to time had, and may in the future have, an adverse effect on the cost, quality or quantity of products manufactured or services provided, or adversely affect the Company's flexibility to respond to changing conditions.
Changes or additions to the Company's supply chain require considerable time and resources and involve significant risks and uncertainties, including exposure to additional regulatory and operational risks.
Because the Company currently obtains certain components from single or limited sources, the Company is subject to significant supply and pricing risks.
Therefore, the Company remains subject to significant risks of supply shortages and price increases that can materially adversely affect its business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.
The Company offers complex hardware and software products and services that can be affected by design and manufacturing defects.
Sophisticated operating system software and applications, such as those offered by the Company, often have issues that can unexpectedly interfere with the intended operation of hardware or software products and services.
Component defects could make the Company's products unsafe and create a risk of environmental or property damage and personal injury.
These risks may increase as the Company's products are introduced into specialized applications, including health.
As a result, from time to time the Company's services have not performed as anticipated and may not meet customer expectations.
The introduction of new and complex technologies, such as artificial intelligence features, can increase these and other safety risks, including exposing users to harmful, inaccurate or other negative content and experiences.
The Company may not be able to detect and fix all issues and defects in the hardware, software and services it offers, which can result in widespread technical and performance issues affecting the Company's products and services.
The Company is exposed to the risk of write-downs on the value of its inventory and other assets, in addition to purchase commitment cancellation risk.
The Company's products and services include technology or intellectual property that must be licensed from third parties.
The Company believes decisions by customers to purchase its hardware products depend in part on the availability of third-party software applications and services.
Third-party developers may discontinue the development and maintenance of software applications and services for the Company's products.
This analysis may be based on factors such as the market position of the Company and its products, the anticipated revenue that may be generated, expected future growth of product sales, and the costs of developing such applications and services.
This includes the right to sell, or offer subscriptions to, third-party content, as well as the right to incorporate specific content into the Company's own services.
Some third-party content providers and distributors currently or in the future may offer competing products and services, and can take actions to make it difficult or impossible for the Company to license or otherwise distribute their content.
The Company distributes its products and certain of its services through cellular network carriers and other resellers, many of which distribute products and services from competitors.
Such failures or disruptions can adversely impact the Company's business by, among other things, preventing access to the Company's online services, interfering with customer transactions or impeding the manufacturing and shipping of the Company's products.
While the Company maintains insurance coverage that is intended to address certain aspects of data security risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise.
Legal and Regulatory Compliance Risks The Company's business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted by unfavorable results of legal proceedings or government investigations.
These risks, and the risks of novel claims being attempted, may be exacerbated as new and emerging technologies, including machine learning and artificial intelligence, are further integrated into the Company's products and services.
Such agreements can also significantly reduce the Company's revenue and increase the Company's cost of sales and operating expenses, materially adversely affecting the Company's business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.
Additionally, such agreements may require the Company to change its business practices and limit the Company's ability to offer certain products and services.
Further, such an outcome can result in significant monetary damages, disgorgement of revenue or profits, remedial corporate measures or injunctive relief against the Company.
While the changes introduced by the Company in the EU are intended to reduce new privacy and security risks that the DMA poses to EU users, many risks will remain.
If implemented, these remedies could materially adversely affect the Company's ability to earn revenue from such licensing arrangements.
The risks of inadvertent disclosure of personal data can increase with the introduction of new and complex technologies, such as artificial intelligence features, further exacerbating such risks.
Financial Risks The Company's net sales and gross margins are subject to volatility and downward pressure due to a variety of factors.
The Company's gross margins vary significantly across its products, services, geographic segments and distribution channels and can change over time.
Further, the Company generates a significant portion of its net sales from a single product category and a decline in demand for that product could significantly impact net sales and gross margins.
The Company's financial performance is subject to risks associated with changes in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to local currencies.
Additionally, strengthening of foreign currencies may increase the Company's cost of product components denominated in those currencies, thus adversely affecting gross margins.
The Company is exposed to credit risk and fluctuations in the values of its investment portfolio.
The Company's investments can be negatively affected by changes in liquidity, credit deterioration, financial results, market and economic conditions, political risk, sovereign risk, interest rate fluctuations or other factors.
As a result, the value and liquidity of the Company's cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities may fluctuate substantially.
The Company is exposed to credit risk on its trade accounts receivable, vendor non-trade receivables and prepayments related to long-term supply agreements, and this risk is heightened during periods when economic conditions worsen.
The Company distributes its products and certain of its services through third-party cellular network carriers and other resellers.
The Company also sells its products and services directly to small and mid-sized businesses and education, enterprise and government customers.
The Company's exposure to credit and collectibility risk on its trade receivables is higher in certain international markets.
In addition, the Company has made prepayments associated with long-term supply agreements to secure supply of inventory components.
Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities and governmental bodies.
The Company also believes the price of its stock should reflect expectations that its cash dividend will continue at current levels or grow, and that its current share repurchase program will be fully consummated.
Cybersecurity The Company's management, led by its Head of Corporate Information Security, has overall responsibility for identifying, assessing and managing any material risks from cybersecurity threats.
A dedicated Supplier Trust team manages information security risks the Company is exposed to through its supplier relationships.
The Company's enterprise risk management program is designed to identify, asse ss, and monitor the Company's business risks, including financial, operational, compliance and reputational risks, and reflects management's assessment of cybersecurity risks.
If the Commission makes a final determination in the Article 6(4) Investigation that there has been a violation, it can issue a cease and desist order and may impose fines up to 10% of the Company's annual worldwide net sales.
The weakness in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar had an unfavorable year-over-year impact on Americas net sales during 2025.
Europe Europe net sales increased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to higher net sales of Services, iPhone and Mac.
Greater China Greater China net sales decreased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to lower net sales of iPhone, partially offset by higher net sales of Mac.
Japan Japan net sales increased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to higher net sales of iPhone, Services and iPad.
Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of Asia Pacific net sales increased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to higher net sales of iPhone, Services and Mac.
Wearables, Home and Accessories Wearables, Home and Accessories net sales decreased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to lower net sales of Accessories and Wearables.
Services Services net sales increased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to higher net sales from advertising, the App Store and cloud services.
Products gross margin percentage decreased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to a different mix of products and tariff costs, partially offset by other favorable costs.
Services Gross Margin Services gross margin increased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to higher Services net sales and a different mix of services.
Services gross margin percentage increased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to a different mix of services, partially offset by higher costs.
As of September 27, 2025, the Company's quarterly cash dividend was $0.26 per share.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk The Company is exposed to economic risk from interest rates and foreign exchange rates.
The Company uses various strategies to manage these risks; however, they may still impact the Company's consolidated financial statements.
Interest Rate Risk The Company is primarily exposed to fluctuations in U.S. interest rates and their impact on the Company's investment portfolio and term debt.
To protect against interest rate risk, the Company may use derivative instruments, offset interest rate–sensitive assets and liabilities, or control duration of the investment and term debt portfolios.
Changes in exchange rates, and in particular a strengthening of the U.S. dollar, will negatively affect the Company's net sales and gross margins as expressed in U.S. dollars.
To protect against foreign exchange rate risk, the Company may use derivative instruments, offset exposures, or adjust local currency pricing of its products and services.
The Company applied a value-at-risk ("VAR") model to its foreign currency derivative positions to assess the potential impact of fluctuations in exchange rates.
Revenue The Company records revenue net of taxes collected from customers that are remitted to governmental authorities.
Cash Equivalents All highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase are treated as cash equivalents.
Note 2 – Revenue The Company recognizes revenue at the amount to which it expects to be entitled when control of products or services is transferred to its customers.
Control is generally transferred when the Company has a present right to payment and title and the significant risks and rewards of ownership of products or services are transferred to its customers.
For most of the Company's Products net sales, control transfers when products are shipped.